org/videolan/libvlc/util/VerticalSeekBar.java
 org.videolan.libvlc.util.VerticalSeekBar
org/videolan/libvlc/AWindow.java
 org.videolan.libvlc.AWindow
 org.videolan.libvlc.AWindow$1
 org.videolan.libvlc.AWindow$NativeLock
 org.videolan.libvlc.AWindow$SurfaceCallback
 org.videolan.libvlc.AWindow$SurfaceHelper
 org.videolan.libvlc.AWindow$SurfaceHelper$1
 org.videolan.libvlc.AWindow$SurfaceHelper$2
 org.videolan.libvlc.AWindow$SurfaceTextureThread
org/videolan/libvlc/Dialog.java
 org.videolan.libvlc.Dialog
 org.videolan.libvlc.Dialog$1
 org.videolan.libvlc.Dialog$2
 org.videolan.libvlc.Dialog$3
 org.videolan.libvlc.Dialog$4
 org.videolan.libvlc.Dialog$5
 org.videolan.libvlc.Dialog$6
 org.videolan.libvlc.Dialog$Callbacks
 org.videolan.libvlc.Dialog$ErrorMessage
 org.videolan.libvlc.Dialog$IdDialog
 org.videolan.libvlc.Dialog$LoginDialog
 org.videolan.libvlc.Dialog$ProgressDialog
 org.videolan.libvlc.Dialog$QuestionDialog
org/videolan/libvlc/media/VideoView.java
 org.videolan.libvlc.media.VideoView
org/videolan/libvlc/MediaFactory.java
 org.videolan.libvlc.MediaFactory
org/videolan/libvlc/LibVLC.java
 org.videolan.libvlc.LibVLC
 org.videolan.libvlc.LibVLC$Event
org/videolan/libvlc/interfaces/IComponentFactory.java
 org.videolan.libvlc.interfaces.IComponentFactory
org/videolan/libvlc/interfaces/ILibVLCFactory.java
 org.videolan.libvlc.interfaces.ILibVLCFactory
org/videolan/libvlc/MediaList.java
 org.videolan.libvlc.MediaList
org/videolan/libvlc/interfaces/IVLCObject.java
 org.videolan.libvlc.interfaces.IVLCObject
org/videolan/libvlc/util/Extensions.java
 org.videolan.libvlc.util.Extensions
org/videolan/libvlc/util/AndroidUtil.java
 org.videolan.libvlc.util.AndroidUtil
org/videolan/libvlc/util/DisplayManager.java
 org.videolan.libvlc.util.DisplayManager
 org.videolan.libvlc.util.DisplayManager$1
 org.videolan.libvlc.util.DisplayManager$2
 org.videolan.libvlc.util.DisplayManager$3
 org.videolan.libvlc.util.DisplayManager$4
 org.videolan.libvlc.util.DisplayManager$DisplayType
 org.videolan.libvlc.util.DisplayManager$SecondaryDisplay
org/videolan/libvlc/stubs/StubLibVLC.java
 org.videolan.libvlc.stubs.StubLibVLC
org/videolan/libvlc/FactoryManager.java
 org.videolan.libvlc.FactoryManager
org/videolan/libvlc/interfaces/AbstractVLCEvent.java
 org.videolan.libvlc.interfaces.AbstractVLCEvent
 org.videolan.libvlc.interfaces.AbstractVLCEvent$Listener
org/videolan/libvlc/LibVLCFactory.java
 org.videolan.libvlc.LibVLCFactory
org/videolan/libvlc/RendererItem.java
 org.videolan.libvlc.RendererItem
 org.videolan.libvlc.RendererItem$Event
org/videolan/libvlc/util/VLCVideoLayout.java
 org.videolan.libvlc.util.VLCVideoLayout
org/videolan/libvlc/util/RecordFlashingCircle.java
 org.videolan.libvlc.util.RecordFlashingCircle
org/videolan/libvlc/util/Dumper.java
 org.videolan.libvlc.util.Dumper
 org.videolan.libvlc.util.Dumper$1
 org.videolan.libvlc.util.Dumper$Listener
org/videolan/libvlc/media/MediaPlayer.java
 org.videolan.libvlc.media.MediaPlayer
 org.videolan.libvlc.media.MediaPlayer$OnBufferingUpdateListener
 org.videolan.libvlc.media.MediaPlayer$OnCompletionListener
 org.videolan.libvlc.media.MediaPlayer$OnErrorListener
 org.videolan.libvlc.media.MediaPlayer$OnInfoListener
 org.videolan.libvlc.media.MediaPlayer$OnPreparedListener
 org.videolan.libvlc.media.MediaPlayer$OnSeekCompleteListener
 org.videolan.libvlc.media.MediaPlayer$OnTimedTextListener
 org.videolan.libvlc.media.MediaPlayer$OnVideoSizeChangedListener
 org.videolan.libvlc.media.MediaPlayer$TrackInfo
org/videolan/libvlc/interfaces/IMedia.java
 org.videolan.libvlc.interfaces.IMedia
 org.videolan.libvlc.interfaces.IMedia$AudioTrack
 org.videolan.libvlc.interfaces.IMedia$Event
 org.videolan.libvlc.interfaces.IMedia$EventListener
 org.videolan.libvlc.interfaces.IMedia$Meta
 org.videolan.libvlc.interfaces.IMedia$Parse
 org.videolan.libvlc.interfaces.IMedia$ParsedStatus
 org.videolan.libvlc.interfaces.IMedia$Slave
 org.videolan.libvlc.interfaces.IMedia$Slave$Type
 org.videolan.libvlc.interfaces.IMedia$State
 org.videolan.libvlc.interfaces.IMedia$Stats
 org.videolan.libvlc.interfaces.IMedia$SubtitleTrack
 org.videolan.libvlc.interfaces.IMedia$Track
 org.videolan.libvlc.interfaces.IMedia$Track$Type
 org.videolan.libvlc.interfaces.IMedia$Type
 org.videolan.libvlc.interfaces.IMedia$UnknownTrack
 org.videolan.libvlc.interfaces.IMedia$VideoTrack
 org.videolan.libvlc.interfaces.IMedia$VideoTrack$Orientation
 org.videolan.libvlc.interfaces.IMedia$VideoTrack$Projection
org/videolan/libvlc/MediaPlayer.java
 org.videolan.libvlc.MediaPlayer
 org.videolan.libvlc.MediaPlayer$1
 org.videolan.libvlc.MediaPlayer$2
 org.videolan.libvlc.MediaPlayer$3
 org.videolan.libvlc.MediaPlayer$4
 org.videolan.libvlc.MediaPlayer$5
 org.videolan.libvlc.MediaPlayer$Chapter
 org.videolan.libvlc.MediaPlayer$Equalizer
 org.videolan.libvlc.MediaPlayer$Event
 org.videolan.libvlc.MediaPlayer$EventListener
 org.videolan.libvlc.MediaPlayer$Navigate
 org.videolan.libvlc.MediaPlayer$Position
 org.videolan.libvlc.MediaPlayer$ScaleType
 org.videolan.libvlc.MediaPlayer$Title
 org.videolan.libvlc.MediaPlayer$Title$Flags
 org.videolan.libvlc.MediaPlayer$TrackDescription
org/videolan/libvlc/util/VolumeControllerView.java
 org.videolan.libvlc.util.VolumeControllerView
org/videolan/libvlc/MediaDiscoverer.java
 org.videolan.libvlc.MediaDiscoverer
 org.videolan.libvlc.MediaDiscoverer$1
 org.videolan.libvlc.MediaDiscoverer$Description
 org.videolan.libvlc.MediaDiscoverer$Description$Category
 org.videolan.libvlc.MediaDiscoverer$Event
 org.videolan.libvlc.MediaDiscoverer$EventListener
org/videolan/libvlc/interfaces/IVLCVout.java
 org.videolan.libvlc.interfaces.IVLCVout
 org.videolan.libvlc.interfaces.IVLCVout$Callback
 org.videolan.libvlc.interfaces.IVLCVout$OnNewVideoLayoutListener
org/videolan/libvlc/VideoHelper.java
 org.videolan.libvlc.VideoHelper
 org.videolan.libvlc.VideoHelper$1
 org.videolan.libvlc.VideoHelper$2
 org.videolan.libvlc.VideoHelper$2$1
 org.videolan.libvlc.VideoHelper$3
org/videolan/libvlc/util/LoadingDots.java
 org.videolan.libvlc.util.LoadingDots
 org.videolan.libvlc.util.LoadingDots$1
org/videolan/libvlc/util/TimeCounter.java
 org.videolan.libvlc.util.TimeCounter
 org.videolan.libvlc.util.TimeCounter$1
 org.videolan.libvlc.util.TimeCounter$1$1
org/videolan/libvlc/util/VLCUtil.java
 org.videolan.libvlc.util.VLCUtil
 org.videolan.libvlc.util.VLCUtil$1
 org.videolan.libvlc.util.VLCUtil$ElfData
 org.videolan.libvlc.util.VLCUtil$MachineSpecs
org/videolan/libvlc/stubs/StubVLCObject.java
 org.videolan.libvlc.stubs.StubVLCObject
org/videolan/libvlc/stubs/StubMediaList.java
 org.videolan.libvlc.stubs.StubMediaList
org/videolan/libvlc/stubs/StubLibVLCFactory.java
 org.videolan.libvlc.stubs.StubLibVLCFactory
org/videolan/libvlc/util/MediaBrowser.java
 org.videolan.libvlc.util.MediaBrowser
 org.videolan.libvlc.util.MediaBrowser$1
 org.videolan.libvlc.util.MediaBrowser$2
 org.videolan.libvlc.util.MediaBrowser$EventListener
 org.videolan.libvlc.util.MediaBrowser$Flag
org/videolan/libvlc/interfaces/ILibVLC.java
 org.videolan.libvlc.interfaces.ILibVLC
 org.videolan.libvlc.interfaces.ILibVLC$Event
org/videolan/libvlc/interfaces/IMediaFactory.java
 org.videolan.libvlc.interfaces.IMediaFactory
org/videolan/libvlc/stubs/StubMedia.java
 org.videolan.libvlc.stubs.StubMedia
org/videolan/libvlc/RendererDiscoverer.java
 org.videolan.libvlc.RendererDiscoverer
 org.videolan.libvlc.RendererDiscoverer$1
 org.videolan.libvlc.RendererDiscoverer$Description
 org.videolan.libvlc.RendererDiscoverer$Event
 org.videolan.libvlc.RendererDiscoverer$EventListener
org/videolan/libvlc/util/HWDecoderUtil.java
 org.videolan.libvlc.util.HWDecoderUtil
 org.videolan.libvlc.util.HWDecoderUtil$AudioOutput
 org.videolan.libvlc.util.HWDecoderUtil$AudioOutputBySOC
 org.videolan.libvlc.util.HWDecoderUtil$Decoder
 org.videolan.libvlc.util.HWDecoderUtil$DecoderBySOC
org/videolan/BuildConfig.java
 org.videolan.BuildConfig
org/videolan/libvlc/interfaces/IMediaList.java
 org.videolan.libvlc.interfaces.IMediaList
 org.videolan.libvlc.interfaces.IMediaList$Event
 org.videolan.libvlc.interfaces.IMediaList$EventListener
org/videolan/libvlc/Media.java
 org.videolan.libvlc.Media
org/videolan/libvlc/VLCObject.java
 org.videolan.libvlc.VLCObject
 org.videolan.libvlc.VLCObject$1EventRunnable
org/videolan/libvlc/stubs/StubMediaFactory.java
 org.videolan.libvlc.stubs.StubMediaFactory
